You should be able to recieve a quest from a location or NPC by interacting with a NPC or notification.

The Quest should have a title
The Quest should have an ID - so they cant take the same quest twice at the same time.
The Quest should have a gold reward
The Quest should have a point reward
The Quest should have a description so users know what to do
The Quest should have a location to turn it in
The Quest should have a location to tell the user where to go to do it
The Quest should have a tally to tell them how far they've progressed
The Quest should have a variable to tell you if it's repeatable


There should be a list of completed quests by ID
There should be a list of active quests by ID		- Quests they currently have active
There should be a list of inactive quests by ID 	- Quests they haven't taken

There should be dependencies for some quests, so some can only be accepted if others are completed(This works as it's own game state) - New File of it's own.

Quest should be accepted by:
If by talking to an NPC, we can have it go through dialogue and then if the user doesn't have the quest in active set the ID to active (by using a gamestate by quest ID's we can check easier, if it depends on previous quests or not)






QUESTSTATE CONTROLLER:
Has access to the lists of quests
Has access to the lists of quest IDs
Has quest dependencies saved in a dictionary/hashtable from int ID to a set of IDs?
Initialises all quests on load up, it will need to store the lists somewhere.

Controls dependencies for quests
should be able to see if quests are repeatable or not repeatable

we could have dependencies ordered in a hash table?
e.g. hashset[questID] = {13, 5, 3, 7};
to signify that at the given questID you'd have it dependant on the quests stored within


Do we have the quests in a file which pre-loads when it starts up loading all quests? Yes because the queststate controller needs to be able to see if a quest is active or inactive
-So just have a file that initialises like... all the quests? Yeah sure that works tbh.

So if the user is in combat mode and they lets say have 5/8 bandit kills, and they kill 4 bandits